Dear Jordan and Ed

First, many thanks for submitting your very interesting paper to the Journal of Finance.   I have now received very thoughtful reports from two expert referees. Referee R2 recommends rejection, while referee R1 recommends a very cautious revise and resubmit.  An Associate Editor (AE) has also read your paper, and has prepared an exceptionally detailed and helpful report.

I have read your paper carefully myself, along with all these reports.  As I hope you will see below, I have given your paper a lot of thought.  In the end, however, I’m afraid that I have decided to reject your paper, for the reasons I describe below.  The very quick summary is that the referees, AE and I all find your paper too preliminary and rough.  For example, R1 writes to me that “it seems they sent the paper in prematurely … just to see if they would get lucky, and that puts a lot of burden on the editorial side.”

1/
The consensus across the referees and the AE is that your Proposition 1 is a striking result.  On the other hand, your results on discrete message spaces, while interesting, are probably not enough to clear the bar at the Journal of Finance.  In particular, R2 writes to me that “My main concern is contribution. The paper’s main prediction is that reporting strategies will be steeper for states of nature that are more relevant, and flatter for those that are not so relevant (the tails) when there is noise. … This is interesting and intuitive idea but does not seem substantive enough for a publication at the Journal of Finance.”

I completely agree with this consensus: Proposition 1 has the properties we want of good theory, namely that it is a priori non-obvious, but makes sense after the fact.

On the other hand, the finding that with a limited number of discrete messages one wants the mapping from states to messages to reflect the use to which messages will be put seems relatively straightforward.  These results are certainly worth writing down, and are clearly worth publishing in a serious academic outlet.  But I agree with the R2 that these results are not enough for the JF.

2/
The problem I have is that, in its current form, the proof of Proposition 1 is extremely rough.  This will seem harsh, but I’m afraid I would characterize your current proof as a heuristic argument.  An additional problem is that both I and the reviewers remain unclear about what Proposition 1 actually says.

For example, Proposition 1, and Lemmas 1 and 2 on which it builds, all contain an approximation symbol.  I am not trying to be obtuse, but what does this mean?  One possibility is that it means a limit, as \bar{\epsilon} approaches 0.  But your expressions contain \bar{\epsilon}, and you do not show that limits are well-defined as \bar{\epsilon} converges to 0.
(By the way, the specific example you present at the top of page 18 is much better in this regard, since at least there I can see that the \bar{\epsilon} terms cancel out, and so the limit as \bar{\epsilon} approaches 0 straightforwardly exists.  This is the kind of property you need to show in general.  And by the way, I agree with R1’s question about why you don’t cancel the \bar{\epsilon} terms in this expression.)

Another possibility is that the approximation refers to some sort of speed of convergence result (e.g. the approximation is order \bar{\epsilon}^2).  But if so, you do not give nearly enough details.

I also attempted to work through the proofs.  I immediately got stuck on Lemma 1.  It is simply not true that differentiability of g implies that it is locally constant.  Because of this, the conditional distribution of q is not uniform.  (I even explicitly derived the conditional distribution to make sure I wasn’t missing something.)  But in the end, I am puzzled why Lemma 1 is even presented as a result: given your various smoothness assumptions, I believe it is immediate that A(\tilde{m}) converges to m^{-1}(\tilde{m}) as noise vanishes, which I think is what you claim in Lemma 1.

The useful thing you might have learned from Lemma 1 is how far A(\tilde{m}) is from m^{-1}(\tilde{m}).  You need this information for Lemma 2.  But instead, you just substitute in A(\tilde{m})= m^{-1}(\tilde{m}), which is not legitimate.

I realize all this probably sounds very harsh.  But you are trying to prove a limit result, and limit proofs are often very delicate, with a lot of scope for error.  One needs to be very careful.  You can also find basically the same set of comments, although expressed a little less harshly, in the reports by R1 and the AE.

Having thought about the problem, I more or less believe your result that even as noise vanishes, m(q) doesn’t converge to q.  I agree with the referees and AE that this is an interesting and striking result.  But I’m afraid that, at this stage, you have basically written a very rough sketch of a proof.

One option if obviously for me to ask that you deliver a formal proof.  But I don’t think the review process should be: Authors submit a conjecture with a rough sketch proof, reviewers respond by saying “that would be an interesting conjecture to show,” and then and only then do the authors produce a formal proof.  This is imposing too high a burden on the review process.

Finally, having thought about how you might go about delivering a formal proof, here is one suggestion: Use your existing heuristic arguments to conjecture the limiting case, and then show (by contradiction) that your conjectured limit is indeed the true limit.  You can find related suggestions in the reports of R1 and the AE.

3/
A separate issue with Proposition 1 is that the more I think about it, the less I understand what the environment you are analyzing corresponds to.

First, what is the error in message transmission?  On page 6, you write that the assumption of messages transmitted with errors is “obviously true,” but the explanation you give is then a statement that the message space is finite, which isn’t the same thing.

Second, what does it mean that the set of messages that can be received is a strict superset of the set of messages that can be sent?  (I realize the difference vanishes in the limit, but you still need to consider the economy away from the limit.  Moreover, boundedness of the message space is important for you, so I am concerned about anything that appears to violate the boundaries.)

Third, why exactly is the message space bounded? (Both referees highlight the importance of boundedness.) One can always map the interval [0,1] into an arbitrarily large interval of the real line (and the interval (0,1) can be mapped to the real line itself).  Perhaps one can argue that the error term blows up at the same time.  But this again begs the question of what exactly the additive error represents.

Perhaps there is a good way to get everything to fit together, but I need much more help here.

(By the way, I liked R1’s suggestion that you motivate errors as coming from types who have some fixed exaggeration trait.)

4/
In his/her report, the AE suggests you consider a benchmark in which a single agent receives a signal with error.  This is a very useful suggestion.  I would actually go even further, and write the paper completely in terms of a single agent.

Specifically, and as far as I can see, the question you are asking is: if a single agent can design an informational mapping from a state q to a message space M, what is the best mapping?

Describing this as a communication game between two parties with the same interests confuses more than it clarifies. For example, it leads the AE and R2 to both ask about uniqueness.  It also begs the question of why (as far as I can see) you never check the best-response condition for the sender in your game.  (I realize you probably think it is obvious that the sender does not want to deviate, but this still needs to be shown.)

So on the one hand, shifting your problem to a single agent setting would be much clearer, and eliminate the issues of uniqueness and checking the best response condition.

But on the other hand, it makes the issue of the relation between your results and the existing literature much more obvious.  Both R1 and R2 express serious concern about this, and I think you need to think much harder about this.  For example, there is a large literature on the information properties of experiments (most obviously Blackwell, but subsequent papers also).  Moreover, your results on discrete actions in particular have a clear overlap with results in statistics on type I vs type II errors, and on the notions of “precision” and “recall.”

Closer to finance and economics, the accounting literature has examined “conservatism” in accounting standards, e.g., Gigler et al, JAR 2009.  I believe that your some of your results are closely related to this strand of the accounting literature.


I apologize for such a long letter.  I hope this letter at least makes it clear that I have spent a very large amount of time thinking about your paper.  Again, and despite my reservations above, I think your Proposition 1 is potentially a very interesting and striking result.  But you have a very large amount of work to do to formally prove this result; to explicate the underlying environment you have in mind; and to draw out the relevant links with the prior literature.  The amount of work is so large that I do not see a realistic prospect of this converging to a publishable article in two additional rounds, at least not without imposing huge demands on the editorial process.

One final point: In prior regimes, your paper might have been a candidate for a “reject and resubmit.”  But the current editorial team has decided to discontinue the use of reject-and-resubmits, except under exceptional circumstances.

I am sorry to bring you bad news. I very much hope that you will be able to take on board this extensive feedback. I hope also that you understand that the flow of submissions is extremely large, and that consequently it is simply not viable to devote the editorial resources to your paper that I think it requires.

Sincerely,

Philip